README.md, before:

# Untitled Project

A competitive online trivia web app.

## Features

- Secure accounts with email validation and password recovery!
- Generate quizzes with the power of AI! Share quizzes by access code!
- Play quizzes by access code! No account required!
- View live scoreboard of quizzes!

## Getting Started

Untitled Project uses the MERN stack.

### Environment File

Create a file named `.env` in the root directory of the project and fill in the following required parameters: 

```
MONGODB_URI=
JWT_SECRET=
OPENAI_API_KEY=
```

### Command-line (Deployment)

Run `cd /frontend && npm run build` and copy the contents of `/frontend/dist` to `/var/www/html` on a web server of your choice.

To start the backend server: `cd /backend && npm start`

### Command-line (Development)

From the root directory of the project:

To start the backend server: `cd /backend && npm start`

To start the frontend server: `cd /frontend && npm run dev`

## Technologies Used

- TeamGantt (Gantt Chart)
- GitHub (Version Control)
- Discord (Team Communication)
- SwaggerHub (API Testing)
- MongoDB (Database)
- React (Web UI)
- ExpressJS (API)
- NodeJS (Web Server)
- OpenAI (AI Integration)
- Heroku (Hosting and Domain)
- Flutter (Mobile UI)
- Figma (UI Prototyping)
- SendGrid (Email Service)
- NPM (NodeJS Package Manager)

## Contributors

- Zid Daniel
- Dylan Kuneman
- Aaron Maryniewski
- Saymon Rivas
- Ethan Tsillas

## License

MIT License

Commit message:

add mobile app, update readme, remove first name and last name from registration

README.md, after:

# Untitled Project

A competitive online trivia web app.

## Features

- Secure accounts with email validation and password recovery!
- Generate quizzes with the power of AI! Share quizzes by access code!
- Play quizzes by access code! No account required!
- View live scoreboard of quizzes!

## Getting Started

Untitled Project uses the MERN stack.

### Environment File

Create a file named `.env` in the root directory of the project and fill in the following required parameters:

```
MONGODB_URI=
JWT_SECRET=
OPENAI_API_KEY=
```

### Command-line (Deployment)

Run `cd /frontend && npm install && npm run build` and copy the contents of `/frontend/dist` to `/var/www/html` on a web server of your choice.

To start the backend server: `cd /backend && npm install && npm start`

### Command-line (Development)

From the root directory of the project:

To start the backend server: `cd /backend && npm install && npm start`

To start the frontend server: `cd /frontend && npm install && npm run dev`

## Mobile

Untitled Project uses Flutter for its mobile application.

To run: `cd /mobile && flutter run -d chrome`

## Technologies Used

- TeamGantt (Gantt Chart)
- GitHub (Version Control)
- Discord (Team Communication)
- SwaggerHub (API Testing)
- MongoDB (Database)
- React (Web UI)
- ExpressJS (API)
- NodeJS (Web Server)
- OpenAI (AI Integration)
- Heroku (Hosting and Domain)
- Flutter (Mobile UI)
- Figma (UI Prototyping)
- SendGrid (Email Service)
- NPM (NodeJS Package Manager)

## Contributors

- Zid Daniel
- Dylan Kuneman
- Aaron Maryniewski
- Saymon Rivas
- Ethan Tsillas

## License

MIT License
